docs/Proposals.md, before:

```  
# TODO write a test to check a node doesnt have a value and a nodename
# TODO add failing tests like using named arguments before positional
# TODO improve assignment_data_type system
# TODO add more tests
# TODO add eval(xml)
# TODO trailing commas are fine
# TODO add filepath to compile error output
# TODO function overloads (like they do in the nd_impl)
# TODO structs
# TODO add more post processes to reduce number of nodes
# TODO add post process to check extract: index < in.data_size
# TODO if statements
# TODO python style / for joining two paths
# TODO allow private members
# TODO ^ is pow for number types and xor for bools
# TODO my_var[0] = 1.0;
# TODO #if defined(X)
# TODO -l --log argument that outputs a logfile with the error and stacktrace
# TODO colorspace in image nodes
# TODO add remaining inputs to standard_input function
# TODO setting addressmode sets vaddressmode and uaddressmode 
# TODO use pathlike instead of specific Path/str types
# TODO -n --node-graphs argument that specifies functions and loops should use nodegraphs
```

Commit message:

Feature/function overloads (#3)
* added function overloads and replaced standard library

* Added function templating

* squash me

* functions can specify template types when being called

* Added tests for templated functions.

* improved Argument class

* small refactors

* fixed parameter default value bug

* renamed mtlx to mx_utils

* cleaned up naming convention

* improved implicit data type detection system

* added tests

* Improved quality of error messages

* squash me

* squash me

* expression classes cleanup

* PR cleanup

docs/Proposals.md, after:

```  
# TODO write a test to check a node doesnt have a value and a nodename
# TODO add failing tests like using named arguments before positional
# TODO improve assignment_data_type system
# TODO add more tests
# TODO add eval(xml)
# TODO trailing commas are fine
# TODO add filepath to compile error output
# TODO function overloads (like they do in the nd_impl)
# TODO structs
# TODO add more post processes to reduce number of nodes
# TODO add post process to check extract: index < in.data_size
# TODO if statements
# TODO python style / for joining two paths
# TODO allow private members
# TODO ^ is pow for number types and xor for bools
# TODO my_var[0] = 1.0;
# TODO #if defined(X)
# TODO -l --log argument that outputs a logfile with the error and stacktrace
# TODO colorspace in image nodes
# TODO add remaining inputs to standard_input function
# TODO setting addressmode sets vaddressmode and uaddressmode 
# TODO use pathlike instead of specific Path/str types
# TODO -n --node-graphs argument that specifies functions and loops should use nodegraphs
# TODO add check that named arguments always come after positional for functions
# TODO allow loop iteration variables to int/vecs/colors as well as floats
```
